Counselor: I'm sitting here listening to you talk about how frustrated you are. Beat, if you had your way, how would you like your life to be different?

Client (14 years old): I've told you that I want to go home, but no one will let me go home.

Counselor: I'm a little confused, why is going home so important to you?

Client: Because I want to live with my parents instead of living in a foster home. Because I already have a home.

Counselor: I can see that going home is important to you. Do you think your parents know this? I mean, do you know if they understand that it's important for you to live with them?

Client: I love my parents, and they know that.

Counselor: Do you think they really know?

Client: I'm not sure they know.

Counselor: What can you do to let them know how much you love them and how much you want to live with them?

Client: Well, I want to go home.

Counselor: Yes, I know you want to go home, so what can you do to make it possible for you to go home. I mean, what needs to happen first before you can go home, what do you think?

Client: My parents need to allow me to go home. But they won’t say that, because they are mad at me because of what happened last night.

Counselor: Well, I guess, I can understand why they are mad at you today. So what do your parents think needs to happen before they let you go home?

Client: They think it’s all my fault, but my dad really hit me.

Counselor: I can see that you believe your dad really hit you. So what needs to happen before you can go home?

Client: My parents said that I need to apologize first and then promise to listen to them in the future.

Counselor: If you apologize and promise to listen to them in the future, how likely do you think they will believe you?

Client: I know my dad is mad at me.

Counselor: So they will say, what do you need to do first before you can go home?

Client: I may need to wait two days. I will apologize to them after he calms down.

Counselor: That seems like a good idea. You can wait a few days. Wait until your parents calm down before you apologize to them. So, what can you do during the few days you wait for that good time?

Client: I think I should go to school every day. Follow the rules, talk to my parents well, and don't ask them for anything. I know how to get along with Pique's mother. When I live with them, I will do my housework. Pique's mother said that I can stay as long as I want.

Counselor: Wow, you know a lot of things. Everyone says you are smart, and I think that's right. So tell me. Why did Pique's mother let you live in their house? No one wants a 15-year-old child from another family to live in their own home.

Client: He is very kind and I like him very much. I often help him wash the dishes, tidy the table, and do some other things. When I lived in Pico's house, I was very obedient. His mother said I can stay as long as I want because I can help her a lot there.

Counselor: Really, I can't believe it, teenagers are often seen as dirty and messy.

Client: Yes, I am, when I live with my friends, I know how to behave better. Counselor: Where did you learn all this?

Client: From my mother and my grandmother.

Counselor: Do your mother and grandmother know that they have taught you so much?

Client: Well, I don't think they know because I never told them.

Counselor: How can you let your mother know that they have taught you so much?

Client: I think I should tell him directly.

Counselor: How will you tell him? I mean tell your mother that you have learned a lot from him.

Client: He is very angry with me now but I will wait a few days before telling her.