A 26-year-old girl said she didn't know how to get along with her mother. When they met, they would quarrel and yell. She asked me for help. The following is part of our conversation. I hope it will be inspiring to you:

Counselor: What kind of relationship do you expect with your mother?

Girl: Get along like friends.

Counselor: How do you talk to your friends?

Girl: Very gently.

Counselor: Can you treat your mother the same way as your friends, such as talking gently?

Answer: Ah, you can.

Girl: What should I do if my mother scolds me?

Counselor: Have you ever thought about why your mother scolds you? What are the needs behind it? Can you ask your mother about her needs calmly?

Girl: You can.

Girl: How to control your emotions?

Counselor: Emotionally, react half a beat slower. Try counting down to 10.

Girl: You can. How do you get along with your mother on weekdays?

Counselor: Have you tried to appreciate and praise your mother?

Girl: No. I don't know how to praise her. However, I can search for words of praise on the Internet.

Counselor: If you don’t praise from the heart, but use words from the Internet, think about it from the mother’s perspective, would you like it?

Girl: Then how should I praise? Please teach me a few words to praise my mother.

Counselor: Please describe to me what my mother is like.

Girl: My mother is very busy every day and is very efficient.

Counselor: Very good, "high efficiency" can be the first compliment. What else?

Girl: My mother is not fat.

Counselor: Can you use positive words to describe my mother?

Girl: My mother has a good figure.

Counselor: Very good, the second advantage that can be praised is "good figure". What else?

By constantly asking "what else?", the girl listed 10 advantages for her mother, and it was effortless. I can feel that she was very happy in the process of finding advantages. The girl decided to list 10 advantages for her mother and share them with her mother after returning home.

The girl finally asked: Teacher, what is your motto?

Counselor: Everyone has their own strengths.

"Everyone has his or her own strengths" is a very correct statement. At the beginning of the consultation, the girl kept complaining about her parents. I thought her parents were such unreliable people! When I asked her to describe her mother, she described her mother's strengths and listed them fluently. As the saying goes, the world is not short of beauty, but short of eyes to discover beauty.

Most people are used to paying attention to the shortcomings of others, and let the shortcomings become obstacles to their relationship with others. Once people pay attention to the strengths of others, their emotions will be better, the relationship will be better, and the problem will be solved.