Recently, Xiao Mo in our class quarreled with his classmates almost every day. Sometimes, during class, the quarrel even affected the teacher's normal teaching. One day, he exchanged things with his classmates during the break. During class, he suddenly wanted to take his things back, but the classmate thought that Xiao Mo had given his things as a gift and didn't want to return them. So the two quarreled in class. The teacher dissuaded him and asked the class monitor to send him to me. After roughly understanding the cause of their quarrel, I tried to use the scaled inquiry of the focus solution model:

Teacher: If you evaluate your performance in class with 10 points, 1 point is the worst performance and 10 points is the best performance, how many points do you think you can give for your performance?

Xiao Mo: I don't know (he may be worried that he will be criticized for giving too low a rating.)

Teacher: It doesn't matter, the teacher just wants to help you better.

Xiao Mo: 0 points

Teacher: It's impossible. You didn't quarrel with your classmates at the beginning of the class? You didn't fight with Xiao Wei, did you?

Xiao Mo: No

Teacher: Then it can't be considered the worst performance! Now think carefully, how many points can you give yourself for your performance in class?

Xiao Mo: 5 points

Teacher: Why is it this score? Why not higher or lower?

Xiao Mo: At the beginning, I was learning to sing with my classmates.

Teacher: What did you do before that made you give yourself 5 points?

Xiao Mo: I didn’t make it clear that I exchanged things with Xiao Wei before class. I just exchanged them for fun, not giving them to him. He thought I gave them to him, so he didn’t want to return them to me. But I really wanted my things back, so I quarreled with him, which affected everyone’s class.

Teacher: If you go back to the original class, what do you think you can do to improve your performance by one point?

Xiao Mo: If I didn’t quarrel with Xiao Wei when I asked him to return my things.

Teacher: What will be different from now if you do this?

Xiao Mo: It won’t affect everyone’s class

Teacher: When you can’t control yourself, what can everyone do to help you improve your performance by one point?

Xiao Mo: You can ask your deskmate to remind me

Teacher: What are you feeling at the moment? What have you discovered?

Xiao Mo: It was wrong for me to argue with my classmates during class. I can ask my classmates to help me and remind me next time.