Counselor: OK, now close your eyes, sit as comfortably as possible, and start to imagine that you are about to take an important exam. You are sitting at your desk, waiting for the test paper to be distributed... Imagine these scenes as vividly as possible, can you do it?

Client: Yes.

Counselor: How do you feel now?

Client: I feel panicked and scared, and my hands feel a little cold.

Counselor: Why do you feel this way?

Client: I am worried that I will not do well in the exam, and I always feel unsure. Poor grades will disappoint my parents.

Counselor: Are there any other reasons?

Client: Well... Another reason is that I feel that the college entrance examination is coming soon. If I do not do well in the exam again this time, my grades will not improve, and I will fail the college entrance examination again.

Counselor: OK. Now continue to imagine just now and start using the relaxation method you practiced before. Are you willing to try it?

Client: Yes.

... (A few minutes later)

Counselor: How do you feel now?

Client: Better, not so uncomfortable.

Counselor: Now continue to repeat the relaxation method just now until you feel no longer afraid.

... (a few minutes later)

Counselor: How do you feel now?

Client: Much better.

Counselor: Very good. Now stop imagining and tell me how you changed your feelings?

Client: I didn’t think about the college entrance examination first, and then slowly took a few deep breaths, telling myself "Everything is normal now, I will definitely succeed!"

Counselor: What else did you think of?

Client: I also said to myself: "You are well prepared this time. These knowledge are all what you have learned before. You are very familiar with them. You will definitely be able to complete this exam smoothly."

Counselor: Do you think these practices are helpful to you?

Client: Yes, I am not so nervous anymore, and I feel more at ease.

Counselor: Can you tell me what you have gained from the practice just now?

Client: I think it is because I changed my mind, encouraged myself, and gained confidence in the exam, so I am no longer afraid, which I didn’t have before.

Counselor: Do you think changing your mindset is very helpful to you?

Client: Yes.