(I) First consultation (December 4, 14:00) Time: 60 minutes

Interviewer: I feel anxious and I am willing but unable to do anything. I was looking forward to college life, but now I can’t do anything well.

Consultant: I understand your feelings. Can you tell me what happened?

Interviewer: I feel busy every day, but I can’t do anything well. I am becoming less and less confident about the future.

Consultant: Can you tell me more about which student organizations you have joined and what you usually do?

Interviewer: I joined the Art Department of the Student Union, served as a class leader, and participated in work-study programs. When I don’t have classes, I organize activities. I also study and do homework after class, but I feel that I don’t have enough time.

Consultant: Can you tell me more about the difficulties you encountered when studying?

Interviewer: I obviously can’t keep up in class. Advanced mathematics is difficult to learn. My foundation is not as good as that of my classmates in the mainland, so I feel that I am gradually left behind. I took three midterm exams and failed Advanced Mathematics.

……

(II) Second consultation (15:00, December 18) Time: 50 minutes

Consultant: How do you feel after a week?

Interviewer: I feel better than last week.

Consultant: Can you tell me more about it?

Interviewer: I am not as anxious as last week. The tension has eased a little.

Consultant: I would like to know what you did to make you feel better?

Interviewer: I adjusted my work and rest schedule, went to bed early at night, and got up on time in the morning. I feel better mentally. When I am under great pressure, I pay attention to improving my efficiency and try to do more things.

Consultant: It sounds like you have made some changes.

Interviewer: Yes.

……

(III) Third consultation (14:00, January 4) Time: 50 minutes

Consultant: How do you feel recently?

Interviewer: Very busy. The party just ended and it was quite successful.

Interviewer: You must be exhausted recently?

Interviewer: It was indeed very busy. I took a two-day break right after the party and I felt much better. I have been studying a lot recently.

Counselor: Do you still feel a lot of pressure in studying?

Interviewer: Yes, the exam is very close and I feel that I am running out of time. I am worried about the final exam.

Counselor: Well, you are a very motivated student. Since you were able to get into our school in the college entrance examination, it shows that you have good learning ability.

Interviewer: Thank you for the encouragement, teacher. Next, I will spend time in the library to prepare for the final exam.

Counselor: Not bad, it sounds like you have a plan.

Interviewer: (smiles) Thank you.

…

(IV) Fourth consultation (March 4, 14:00) Time: 60 minutes

Counselor: How was your winter vacation?

Interviewer: (smiles) Not bad. I also communicated with my parents about the situation in the first semester at school during the vacation. I spent the rest of the time at home studying the two subjects that I failed.

Counselor: I have seen your actions in the previous conversations, but I feel that you are still not confident and worried about your learning ability, right?

Interviewer: Yes.

Consultant: Then I want to ask you, do you still think so now?

Interviewer: Not as strongly as before, after all, action is very important.

Consultant: Do you think you can pass the make-up exam this time?

Interviewer: I should be able to pass.

Consultant: When I heard you say this, I was not very sure, and I was still doubting myself?

Interviewer: There will definitely be doubts before the results come out, but I don’t think it will affect me.

…

(V) Fifth consultation (March 20, 15:00) Time: 60 minutes

Consultant: How is your current status?

Interviewer: Not bad

Consultant: Thank you for your trust in me. I wonder if it helps you?

Interviewer: (smiles knowingly) Of course, I don’t look at problems as stubbornly as before, and I look at problems more comprehensively. I understand that I need to make choices, give up less important activities appropriately, and spend more energy on learning.

Consultant: How was the make-up exam result?

Interviewer: Although the score is not high, I passed.

Consultant: You have made great progress. It sounds like many of the factors that bothered you before are gradually being resolved, right?

Interviewer: Yes, I hope to concentrate on studying and balance study and activities from this semester on.

…