Counselor: Hello, Li Ming. I am Wang Yu, a psychological counselor. I am glad that you can come to the interview today. Is there anything I can help you with?

Li Ming: Hello, Mr. Wang. I feel very stressed recently, my life is not satisfactory, and I even have suicidal thoughts.

Counselor: Can you tell me more specifically? What kind of difficulties did you encounter?

Li Ming: I am under a lot of pressure at work. I often work overtime until late at night, and I have to face the blame of my boss and the competition of my colleagues. My family members always urge me to get married, which makes me feel very irritated. Recently, my grandfather passed away and my girlfriend broke up with me. I feel like I have been abandoned by the whole world and can't live anymore.

Counselor: I feel very sad to hear you say that. You must be in great pain now, right?

Li Ming: Yes, I feel like I am about to collapse.

Counselor: Can you describe your current mood?

Li Ming: I feel very sad, angry, desperate, and feel that I have no hope.

Counselor: Have you ever thought about seeking help?

Li Ming: I have thought about it, but I don’t know who to turn to.

Counselor: You can seek help from friends, family or professional psychological counselors. I am willing to help you out of your predicament.

(The counselor establishes a good consulting relationship with Li Ming and gains Li Ming’s trust)

2. Understand the interviewee’s situation

Counselor: What specific pressures do you encounter at work?

Li Ming: I have a heavy workload and often have to work overtime until late at night. In addition, my boss often criticizes me and there is fierce competition among colleagues.

Counselor: What are your family’s expectations of you?

Li Ming: My family hopes that I can get married and have children as soon as possible, but I am not ready yet.

Counselor: How did your grandfather’s death affect you?

Li Ming: My grandfather and I have a deep relationship, and his death hit me hard.

Counselor: What is the reason for your breakup with your girlfriend?

Li Ming: We have different personalities and often quarrel, and finally broke up.

Counselor: Do you have suicidal thoughts now?

Li Ming: Yes, I feel that I am living in pain and without hope, and I want to end it all.

Counselor: What problem do you want to solve by committing suicide?

Li Ming: I want to get rid of the pain and don't want to face it anymore.

Counselor: Suicide is not a solution to the problem. It will only bring greater pain to the people you love. We can find other solutions to the problem together.

(The counselor has a deep understanding of Li Ming's stress sources and psychological conditions)

3. Analyze the root cause of the problem

Counselor: Your current predicament is caused by many factors, including work pressure, family pressure, death of relatives, emotional setbacks, etc. You have been under pressure for a long time, which has seriously affected your emotions and psychology.

Counselor: What do you think you need to change?

Li Ming: I think I should learn how to regulate stress, improve communication with my family, and face life positively.

Counselor: You said it very well. We can help you from the following aspects:

Teach you some stress management skills to help you relieve stress;
Help you improve the way you communicate with your family;
Help you get out of the psychological predicament and rebuild hope in life.