1. Basic information of the case:

Xiao A, a ninth-grade girl, a boarding student, said that she has been in a low mood recently, always feels very depressed, always wants to cry, and will burst into tears unconsciously. She still feels very lonely when there are people around, and feels scared when there is no one. She feels that it is difficult to study and live well, so she comes to seek psychological counseling, hoping that she can get rid of this state.

Further understanding of the situation, it is learned that Xiao A's family is harmonious, family relationships are good, she is very home-loving, and her personality is relatively introverted. In terms of temperament, she belongs to the phlegmatic-depressive mixed type, calm, introverted, and has deep and lasting feelings and experiences about problems; her reaction is slow but profound; her attention is stable and not easy to divert.

2. Case analysis

Interpersonal communication is a multi-link and multi-faceted content. Interpersonal communication is a coming and going, that is, it includes receiving information given by others and sending information to others; there are various situations in interpersonal communication, which require different ways of handling. Having good interpersonal communication skills is conducive to adapting to many aspects of life, and the interpersonal environment is an important space for our lives. Building a good interpersonal environment is very important for a person's happy life. For clients with interpersonal communication problems, it is difficult to solve the problems quickly if they just seek the causes of the problems. In addition, the causes of interpersonal communication problems are often multifaceted. Focused solution short-term counseling focuses on exploring the solution of the problem instead of dwelling on the causes and the problems themselves. It is very suitable for interpersonal communication problems.

Compared with the long-term nature of traditional psychological counseling, the basic process of focused solution short-term counseling is divided into three stages: solution construction stage, rest stage, and positive feedback stage, each lasting 60 minutes. This economical and fast counseling method is very suitable for situations like schools, especially for ninth-grade students with intense learning, which shortens the counseling process.

The case in this article is an introverted ninth-grade girl who feels isolated and neglected in the process of interpersonal communication. She must have her own reasons. Using the developmental perspective of focused solution short-term counseling and focusing on problem solving can better trigger the change of the client.

III. Counseling process:

(I) Constructing solutions (about 40 minutes)

A walked into the counseling room crying

The counselor (B) handed over a tissue.

B: You must be very sad now. I can feel your mood. Crying will make you feel better. (Empathy)

What brought you here? (Goal Framework)

A: I don’t know what happened to me recently. I always want to cry and feel very uncomfortable.

B: People’s emotions fluctuate. Everyone will experience emotional lows. This is normal. (Normalization)

When do you not want to cry? (Find exceptions)

A: It seems that there is no such thing. I just want to cry all the time.

B: Do you want to cry more at school? Or at home? (Change in space)

A: At school.

B: Do you want to cry more during class? Or after class? (Change in time)

A: After class.

B: Have you ever thought about why this happened? (The case is an expert on his own problem)

A: I think it’s because I don’t have any friends. I feel that my classmates in the class are isolating me, and my roommates are isolating me. I feel that I am always alone. When the class is over, I see other classmates talking and laughing together, and I want to cry even more.

B: What do you want from your friends? (Reconstruct the case’s problem and create change)

A: I hope my friends can always be by my side, support me, care about me, help me when I need it, encourage me when I am lost, accompany me and comfort me when I am sad.

B: If you give the friends you just mentioned 10 points, then what do you think of a friend with 1 point? (Scaled inquiry)

A: Know each other and know each other’s names.

B: Then what do you think of a friend with 2 points?

A: Nod when you meet him on the road.

B: Then what do you think of a friend with 3 points?

A: Walk together when you meet him on the road.

B: So what do you think of a friend who scores 4 points?

A: Someone who I meet in the cafeteria and we eat together.

B: So what do you think of a friend who scores 5 points?

A: He will lend me a pen or book when I borrow it from him.

B: So what do you think of a friend who scores 6 points?

A: He will lend me a meal card when I borrow it from him.

B: So what do you think of a friend who scores 7 points?

A: Someone who teaches me when I can't do math problems.

B: So what do you think of a friend who scores 8 points?

A: Someone who eats with me every day.

B: So what do you think of a friend who scores 9 points?

A: Someone who is with me every day, eats with me, goes to the classroom with me, goes to the dormitory with me, and is inseparable from me.

B: Comparing with what you said just now, how many points can you give to your current friends?

A: After thinking for a moment, he said: 7 points.

B: That's great, this is worth being happy about. You see, you have a friend who scores 7 points, I really want to congratulate you. (Inspiring encouragement)

A: Well, this really surprised me. I always thought I had no friends. But I really want to have a friend who scores 10 points. What should I do?

B: Let's assume that you go back to sleep today, wake up tomorrow, and a miracle happens. You have a friend who scores 10 points. What will others notice about you? (Miracle inquiry)

A: I won't cry anymore. I have a smile on my face. I have more energy to do anything.

Meditation session: "Now there is a crystal ball in front of you, and you can see life after the problem is solved. What will we see?" Let her describe it with yearning.

B: Then how will you treat your friend who scores 10 points?

A: I will care about her, help her, eat with her, go to school with her, go home with her, talk with her... inseparable.

B: What a beautiful picture!

(The main task of the solution construction stage is to establish a good counseling relationship, build goals and solve the process.)

(II) Rest stage (about 10 minutes)

B: Now we will rest for 10 minutes. Please review and think about our conversation just now.

(The rest stage is to intentionally set a pause in the conversation to produce a blank effect, allowing her to think about the entire conversation process in the previous stage and promote active self-exploration.)

(III) Positive feedback (about 10 minutes)

B: Now that the problem is solved, how will you treat your friend?

A: I will care about my friend, help her, support her...

B: That's great. You see, you are a 10-point friend to your friends. In this way, everyone will scramble to be your friend. What a popular person you will become! After returning, are you willing to make yourself a 10-point friend?

A: Yes, I am willing.

(The positive feedback phase is mainly based on praise and encouragement, which strengthens her confidence and makes her intentionally do more "exceptional" behaviors towards the set goals in her future life.)

A week later, the client came to the consultation room again and told that she had changed after the last consultation. In the past week, she gained a lot from caring for her friends sincerely. Her friends were more enthusiastic about her than before, and she didn't feel lonely much. The counselor affirmed and praised this change process and encouraged her to continue doing the effective things in this week.