Case summary:

On the afternoon of May 18, 2008, seven days after the "5.12 Wenchuan Earthquake", a team of four people from the East China Normal University Psychological Counseling Center went to a disaster relief site in Dujiangyan City to provide psychological assistance. We interviewed some of the victims and provided counseling services if needed. At this time, Ms. Liu (36 years old) took her 8-year-old child to ask me, hoping that I would provide psychological assistance. She said: "I was 'scared' by the earthquake."

Consultation process:

Ms. Liu: People say that I have a mental illness after the earthquake, and I think so too. I am now scared and can't do anything... I don't know how I ran away during the earthquake? I am so scared when I think about it now! I have been in fear, afraid of another earthquake. It has been seven days since the earthquake, but I feel that the ground has been shaking, and the terrifying scene of the earthquake has been appearing in front of me. Now, I can’t sleep at night. I sleep like this, lie flat, and sleep like that…” (Ms. Liu said while using body movements to show her sleeping posture.)

Phase 1: Problem Exploration Phase

The above situation made the client restless and very painful, so when she saw the Shanghai Psychological Aid Team, she immediately took the initiative to seek help. A good consulting relationship was initially established with the counselor.

In the process of listening to the client’s complaints, the counselor collected information by observing the client’s reactions:

Ms. Liu had obvious physical discomfort when she described the earthquake, such as blushing, rapid heartbeat, sweating, trembling, etc. At the same time, she was emotionally tense, with expressions of fear, fear, worry, helplessness, disappointment, etc.; there were also symptoms of compulsive repetitive memories (i.e. flashbacks). The client’s thinking and reactions did not have obvious Abnormal, with a certain degree of self-awareness. However, the logic of her thoughts and speech is not strong, her narrative is incoherent, she jumps back and forth, and repeatedly describes the terrifying scene when the earthquake occurred. She repeatedly begs the counselor to confirm whether she has a mental illness and whether she is "scared silly". Ms. Liu is currently unable to live a normal life and cannot do anything. Her family and social functions are subject to certain restrictions, she feels pain, and has actively sought treatment. At present, she has been in the scene when the earthquake occurred. The subjective and objective are separated. She cannot face the real world. She is in an "isolated" state.

Through analyzing and evaluating the visitor's symptoms. The counselor diagnosed Ms. Liu as having an acute post-traumatic stress reaction after a major crisis, and is in a "shock period" state (the first week after a major disaster is called the psychological "shock period").

Stage 2 : Goal setting stage

Short-term goals:

1. No obvious physical discomfort (such as increased heart rate, sweating, trembling, etc.) when describing the earthquake situation.

2. Able to restore rationality and normal thinking. Remove the "isolation" state.

3. Able to restore normal family and social functions.

4. Take this earthquake crisis as an opportunity to grow yourself and correctly face various crises that may arise in the future life.

The third stage: program discussion stage

Generally speaking, in the initial stage of the disaster, such cases are enough to "normalize" psychological education work and use emotional stabilization techniques to help the parties stabilize their emotions. It is mainly to help the parties desensitize and re-adapt to the environment and restore normal living functions. It is not necessary to do the personal growth part. If the growth part is post-disaster, After the situation stabilizes, you can do it again if you have the chance.

According to the visitor's situation, the counselor listens, comforts, empathizes, and supports. Learn some basic information about Ms. Liu (such as family situation, social experience, etc.), what happened in this earthquake disaster? What impact did it have on herself and her family? What are the physiological and psychological stress reactions? After confirming that Ms. Liu had an acute stress reaction after the earthquake disaster, the counselor decided to start with relieving her nervousness and set the entry point for psychological intervention - from Ms. Liu's concern that she was a "mental patient" to her "bright spots" (excellent qualities), using "normalization", "short-term focus", and "positive reinforcement" techniques to affirm that Ms. Liu's various reactions are normal, and actively explore the client's own positive and positive "bright spots". Make the client feel their own value, mobilize their own potential and energy, self-integrate and repair, enhance self-confidence, help others to help themselves, and self-recognize. Face their current predicament, get out of the predicament, and grow themselves.

Theoretical basis: psychoanalytic theory and cognitive behavioral therapy.

Counselor: Well, in fact, each of us will have such reactions after such a major earthquake, such as blushing, faster heartbeat, sweating, trembling, etc., always forcing ourselves to recall, but afraid of the scene of recalling, etc., which are all very common. (The counselor said while holding the visitor's hand with both hands.) Now, follow me to do "deep breathing" to relax (the counselor and the visitor take deep breaths together).

Counselor: Much better? Can you tell me, how is your life after the earthquake? ?

Ms. Liu: I am a Chinese medicine maker. I was at work and wearing a white coat. After the earthquake, I hurriedly ran out along the street. On the way, I saw a young man in his 20s knocking an 85-year-old woman to the ground while running away. He didn't even look back and only cared about his own life. He disappeared without a trace in the blink of an eye. I thought at that time that if I encountered such a disaster, everyone would run for their lives. I could save as many people as possible! In addition, I was wearing a white coat at the time and was a doctor. It was my duty to save the dying and the wounded. So, I quickly stepped forward to help the old lady and escape together..."

Counselor: You did it. You saved the old lady. In such a critical moment, you helped her regardless of your own life. You are really great. We should all learn from you.

(After receiving praise from the counselor, the client's frown began to relax. An excited expression appeared on his face and his eyes began to shine.)

Ms. Liu: On the way to escape from the earthquake that day, I also saved a 5-year-old boy. I helped this old man and the young man and finally escaped to a safe area.

Counselor: I am so moved by your heroic and great behavior. If everyone If everyone could do this, maybe not so many people would die.

(The counselor turned to Ms. Liu’s eight-year-old son)

Counselor: Do you know your mother’s heroic act of saving people? ?

Son: I don’t know.

Ms. Liu: I didn’t tell him.

Counselor: (To son) You should learn from your mother and pay tribute to her in the future. You should be a hero like her, okay? ?

(At this time, a mother’s sense of pride and satisfaction arises spontaneously. The happy and proud expression on Ms. Liu’s face spreads. Touching her son’s head, the mother smiled.)

Ms. Liu: Once the whole family went to Qingcheng I went to a mountain scenic spot and found a bag with more than 14,000 yuan in cash. Someone suggested that we share it, but I firmly disagreed. Finally, the owner was found and the bag was returned intact.

Counselor: You are such a kind and honest person.

Stage 4: Treatment and Action Stage

The counselor used the "deep breathing" relaxation method to relieve her nervous emotions and used language to guide her to vent her negative emotions. After Ms. Liu's emotions gradually stabilized and she established a good trusting relationship with the counselor, the counselor carefully asked about her family's situation. After learning that they were all safe, the counselor guided Ms. Liu to recall the earthquake. After that, the counselor's continuous excavation, encouragement and affirmation made Ms. Liu's "bright spots" more and more. It enhanced her sense of value and potential. Ms. Liu's self-confidence and psychological energy gradually recovered. From low mood and dull expression, to the end of the consultation, her eyes were shining, her face was ruddy, and her expression was excited. This shows that through the timely psychological assistance of the counselor, Ms. Liu has come out of the predicament and returned to normal.

Stage 5: End of evaluation

Before the end of the consultation, when I asked her how she felt now, Ms. Liu said: "Through the consultation, the results of the consultation showed that I am not mentally ill. I was not "scared silly". I understand that I am normal! Anyone who has experienced major disasters and crises such as earthquakes may be "scared silly" like me. I am no longer afraid, fearful, or worried. I will work hard, care about my family, take good care of my son, and continue to care for and help those in need. I will be able to deal with difficulties, setbacks, and crises in the future. You helped me get through this major crisis. I grew up again. Thank you to the psychologist from Shanghai. "It can be seen that Ms. Liu has regained her sanity and is thinking normally. The "isolation" state has been lifted and she has returned to the real world. Seven days later, I called Ms. Liu for a follow-up visit. She said excitedly: "I am back to normal. With the leadership of the Party and the government, the support of the people across the country, and especially the direct participation of experts like you, everything will be fine. We have the confidence to rebuild our home. When that time comes, please come and visit our new home!"