Counselor: What do you want to gain from your consultation today? (Help the client to clarify the goal)

Client: I recently had a falling out with my roommate, and now I feel a little regretful and don’t know what to do?

Counselor: Suppose a miracle happens now, what kind of changes do you hope will happen between you and your roommate? (Miracle inquiry, further clarify the goal)

Note: Miracle inquiry conveys the message that "the future can be created and negotiated", so let us focus on "the future where the problem has been solved".

Common questioning methods:

1) Miracle-style questions: If one day, when you wake up in the morning, a miracle happens, will anything change for you, and what will you do then?

2) Crystal ball questions: If you have a crystal ball in front of you that can see (your beautiful) future, what do you think you might see?

3) Magic wand questions: If you are given an imaginary magic wand, and you wave it, your family will change. What do you want them to change?

4) Ending questions: When you go home today, your problem has been solved. What do you think will be different about your home? How will your family treat you differently? How will your relationship change? (This case belongs to this category)

Visitor: I hope we can reconcile as before, at least not meet without talking like now, which is very embarrassing.

Note: There are three points to be aware of when clarifying goals: 1) The goals should be described in positive language, such as "I don't want to be so miserable" can be expressed as "I will be happier"; 2) The goals should be specific and operational, and can produce dynamic comparisons before and after; 3) The goals should be current and within the control of the client, so as to increase feasibility; 4) The goals should be important and desirable for the client; 5) Start with small steps and use small changes to drive the goal vision.

Counselor: What efforts have you made to ease the relationship between you? (Change the inquiry before consultation and find existing positive resources)

Note: The counselor believes that before the client comes, whether effective or not, the client must have taken some measures, but when the client is troubled by negative emotions, it is easy to ignore the efforts or beneficial changes he has made. These solutions, at least he has done them, and they are done in a natural state, so it is easier to encourage him to adopt and implement them.

In fact, we often see that there are already some changes before the client comes for the first meeting. Changes before consultation can be used as a form of "exceptions". The focus of the inquiry is what is different when it happens? How does it happen? What is the effect? ​​Is it helpful? The existing strength and resources of the client when changing before the consultation.

Client: When the roommates communicated together, especially when he was present, I used to consciously participate in it, hoping to have an indirect communication with him, but the effect seemed not good. When we met alone, we were still strangers. Sometimes I want to apologize in person, but I can't seem to muster up the courage, and I'm afraid that apologizing is useless.

Counselor: Well, it is true that apology requires courage. I believe that many people will have concerns when facing this problem, especially Chinese people who value face. However, I think at least you have the idea of ​​apology, which is already amazing. Would you like to describe the situation in which you had a conflict in detail? (Approval technique)

Note: Approval is often used when the client shows positive characteristics, especially when mobilizing internal resources. Approval is unconditional, and you must dare to explore the bright spots. Any specific actions taken by the client to solve the problem, even if they are not good actions in the eyes of ordinary people, are worthy of praise. After all, this is also an attempt to achieve the goal. Praise can affirm what is important to the client, affirm the client's success

and the power implicit in these successes; perhaps for the client, there is a surprising and dramatic effect, which can ease the atmosphere.

Client: Describe the case

Counselor: It sounds like this conflict was also an accident, and you regret it a little.

Client: Yes, this classmate is usually quite good. Although he is introverted and doesn't talk much, he has a bad family and is not in good health...

Counselor: You think you woke him up and got angry with him, which is not right. Do you feel guilty?

Client: Yes, I feel guilty and want to ease the current relationship.

Counselor: Use scale technology, 10 points represent very guilty, 1 point represents no guilt.

Client: About 8 points

Note: Scaled questioning, also known as scoring technology, uses numerical values ​​(1-10) to make the problem specific and make the action operational. It can help the client directly express their observations of past experiences and evaluate future possibilities

Counselor: If you want to reduce this 8 points to 7 points, what change do you want to make first? (Change the first sign, small changes are half of the success, trigger his thinking. Small changes become big changes)

Client: I can take the initiative to ease the relationship between us, but I am afraid that he will say I am a loser.

Counselor: What do you think you can do to ease the relationship without being seen as a coward by him?

Client: Maybe I can take the initiative to nod to him, express goodwill, or find an opportunity to talk to him, such as reminding him to hand in his homework.

Note: I believe that small goals and success can drive the client's confidence and motivation to solve problems, especially the first signs. If there have been exceptions before, it will be easier to take action. Therefore, we should inspire the help-seeker to make the first small change at this moment, so that he can take action, thereby driving the event system in a good direction.

Counselor: Wow, it's great that you can think of these. When do you plan to implement them? (Inspiring encouragement, strengthen his motivation to continue to take positive actions)

Note: Inspiring encouragement is a powerful empowerment technique that can give visitors affirmation and support, inspire the client's self-confidence, and create a positive, positive, optimistic, and expectant atmosphere. It is especially important to use this technique when the client finds exceptions and solutions. Inspiring encouragement is first of all a kind of appreciation from the heart of the helper, which is emotional and has a warm appeal. If verbal and non-verbal behaviors are combined, the effect will be better.

Client: I have an assignment due in a few days, so I can take this opportunity to remind him. But what if he doesn't feel it and can't realize my good intentions? And won't it make people feel strange? We haven't talked for a long time, so why do I suddenly remind him to hand in his homework?

Counselor: Well, that's good, it's possible. So what do you think if your good friend faces a similar situation, how can you deal with it? (Relationship inquiry, broaden your thinking)

Note: Relationship inquiry is to understand the client's views on her, things, or changes from important others. The significance of this type of questioning is to help the client stand from different perspectives at the time and look at the solution to the problem, especially from the perspective of those who are close to him. Through relationship inquiry, the client can discover his inner positive social relationship context, broaden his thinking on solving problems, and get positive encouragement and support.

Client: He is a very frank person. If he thinks it is really his fault, he may apologize directly in writing or text message.

Counselor: So what do you think of his approach?

Visitor: Very direct, which may make the other party feel that you are sincere, but if I do this, will the other party feel that I am a coward? Think that I am easy to bully?

Counselor: Will you laugh at and ridicule others when they express their sincerity to you?

Visitor: Well, logically not. Then when is the right time for me to send a text message?

Counselor: Well, timing is indeed very important. Has your relationship recently felt less rigid? (Exceptional inquiry, enhance the client's confidence, find ways from exceptions, and magnify them)

Note: The so-called exceptions refer to those moments when the problem does not exist or is not so serious. The helper helps the client find exceptions and guides the client to see what happened when the complained problem did not occur or was not so serious? Finding exceptions seems to find some hope, which can enhance the client's confidence and self-esteem. For example:

Visitor: My roommate is a very picky person, but we live under the same roof, and we can't make the relationship too rigid. Every time I see him, I feel uncomfortable.

Counselor: Is there a time when your roommate doesn't criticize you?

Client: When everyone was discussing something, he expressed a certain point of view and I agreed with him.

Counselor: Do you think he could feel the kindness you expressed at that time?

Client: It seems that he could.

Counselor: Think carefully, after you did this, was there any difference in your relationship? Even a little bit (EARS inquiry, continue to think about ways to improve)

Note: In short, it is to ask about positive changes, elicit and expand the good changes of the client, and praise them.

E (eliciting): guide the client to talk about the good changes that have taken place;

A (amplifying): describe the changes in detail, first ask the client to state the changes, then explain the differences between when the changes occur and when the problems occur, and then further explore how this effective change occurs, especially the role in the effective change.

R (reinforcing): praise the client's success and strength when the effective changes occur

S (start again): ask again: what else is better.

Client: Well, it seems less tense now. . . Maybe I should press on.

Counselor: Well, very good. You have thought of many ways to ease your relationship today. Go back and sort out your thoughts and try one or two of them... (assign homework)

Note: The homework mainly follows the principle of situational adaptation. In different situations, as long as it is conducive to moving towards a solution, it is worth trying. Of course, you should pay attention to the emotions of the client and assign it when you give praise and affirmation or when the client feels relaxed.