Client information: female, 19 years old, about 1.5 meters tall, junior. Introverted, only child, family economic situation is average, good interpersonal relationships. Feeling anxious due to academic pressure and other factors

Interview content:

Counselor: Hello, it’s our first meeting. Is there anything I can help you with?

Client: Well, I’ve been under a lot of pressure recently.

Counselor: Is the pressure academic or other aspects?

Client: Academic as well, it’s the end of the semester recently, and there are a lot of homework.

Counselor: Oh, there are a lot of homework at the end of the semester, that is, you have a lot of homework at the end of the semester recently. Did it coincide with your internship?

Client: Our internship is over.

Counselor: The internship is over, so does the internship have any impact on your final homework?

Client: Well, we have an assignment to be completed during the internship, but I didn’t complete it. That is, after our internship is over, we have a lot of homework now.

Counselor: That is to say, after the internship is over, there is a lot of homework. Then what about your homework?

Client: Is the deadline in a few weeks?

Counselor: There are many difficult homework assignments, which are difficult for me to complete.

Counselor: In addition to academic pressure, are there any other pressures that make you feel anxious or not feeling well recently?

Client: We just finished the teacher qualification certificate exam, and the results will be available in December, but if I can participate in the interview, I will have to prepare for this matter. At that time, it will collide with my studies, and the pressure will be even greater.

Counselor: The written test results of the teacher qualification certificate will be released around December 12, and it happens that the level 6 exam will also start at that time. Have you signed up for the level 6?

Client: I signed up for the level 6, but I haven't reviewed it yet. I am very anxious now.

Counselor: Well, the problem you are facing now is that there are many aspects of academic problems. The first is that you have a lot of homework at the end of the semester; the second is that you need to prepare for your teacher qualification certificate interview and prepare for your level 6 exam. Probably these three aspects, right?

Client: Yes.

Counselor: Do you have a plan for your study now? Or do you have a time allocation?

Client: I have a plan. My plan is to read extracurricular books, draw and write, and watch movies I like every day. I will think about looking at the CET-6 words when I have time, but I haven't looked at them much yet.

Counselor: Well, your current plan is actually not very helpful for your current anxiety. Because it can't complete your usual homework; it can't prepare for your CET-6 exam; and it can't help your teacher qualification interview too much. Do you have any idea of ​​adjusting your plan?

Client: I think that my plan is what I really want to do in my heart, and CET-6, interviews, and homework are not what I really want to do.

Counselor: Your current reading, writing, and watching movies are what you want to do in your heart, and CET-6 is what you are avoiding and what you are anxious about. Is this right?

Client: Yes.

Counselor: So, when your inner preferences conflict with your personal reality, can we think about moving the time? Can we wait until the winter vacation to read, write, and watch movies? After all, it is not too late, but the CET-6, the qualification certificate interview, and academic performance are very important for you at the current stage or in your junior year. Do you want to make a simple adjustment?

Client: Yes, I think what you said makes sense. But I think the CET-6 may be a little difficult, and the time is a little short, so I may subconsciously not want to review and open the CET-6 paper.

Counselor: Well, I know, I also understand your situation. From our psychological perspective, it is an approach-avoidance conflict. That is, you have a certain escape mentality towards your current situation, and temporarily you will feel that you will fall into this confused dilemma. Have you ever thought about trying to change this state?

Counselor: You can try this, arrange a teaching plan or study plan for yourself, and then reward yourself after completing homework or some exam preparation progress. I hope today's consultation is helpful to you, thank you for your visit.

Visitor: OK, thank you!