First, slowly let yourself lie flat on the bed comfortably. If necessary, you can also put a pillow under your head. If you can't find a pillow, you can find some clothes instead. And cover your body with a thin blanket or a large bath towel, covering from chest to soles of feet. When you lie flat on the bed, you will feel very comfortable and relaxed.

Now, you are ready to start the wonderful journey of hypnosis. Please check whether your head and spine are straight and without any bend. Let your feet open slightly to the width of your shoulders, and place your palms naturally on the outside of your body, and turn your palms slightly upwards, without being too deliberate.

Now please slowly close your eyes. Once you close your eyes, you will start to relax. Pay attention to your feelings, let your mind scan from head to toe like a scanner, and relax wherever your mind scans.

Now, take a deep breath slowly. Every time you inhale, imagine that you are inhaling great cosmic energy into your body, making your body more relaxed. Every time you exhale, imagine that you are exhaling all the carbon dioxide in your body, and all the troubles, tension, and anxiety. All the unhappiness and discomfort are getting farther and farther away from you.

From now on, keep taking deep breaths. As you take deep breaths, listen to my guidance. Naturally, you will not think about anything. Just follow my guidance and you will soon enter a very deep and comfortable hypnotic state.

Now, imagine that you come to an endless and beautiful grassland. In the blue sky, white clouds are slowly floating across the blue sky. Under this bright and sunny sky, you are lying on the soft and comfortable grass, enjoying the wonderful and fresh air. The warm sunshine is warmly sprinkled on your body, surrounding your whole body, and you feel very warm and comfortable. The breeze blowing slowly from afar carries the scent of grass. Now please take a deep breath. You seem to smell the fragrance of flowers from afar. The refreshing fragrance makes you feel more relaxed and comfortable than ever before.

Now you are lying on this beautiful and vast grassland. Not far away, there is a group of sheep eating grass happily, a few shepherds playing mischievously, and a group of beautiful horses eating grass contentedly in the distance. At some point, a few beautiful butterflies flew from the grass, flapping their colorful wings and dancing freely in the clear sky. On the other side of the sky, the red sun is rising slowly. You feel that everything in nature is so harmonious, peaceful and beautiful. Unconsciously, your breathing becomes slower and more even, and you feel more and more peaceful in your heart, just like returning to your mother's arms, carefree and free.