Interviewee information
Name: Li Qiang
Gender: Male
Age: 28
Education: College
Occupation: Factory assembly line worker
Marital status: Single
Main concerns: High work pressure, high life pressure, bad temper
Interview content:

Counselor: Hello, Li Qiang. I am Wang Yu, a psychological counselor. I am glad that you can come to the interview today. Is there anything I can help you with?

Li Qiang: Hello, Teacher Wang. I feel very stressed recently, and my work and life are not going well.

Counselor: Can you tell me more about it? What kind of difficulties did you encounter at work?

Li Qiang: I work on a factory assembly line, working 12 hours a day, and often working overtime until after 10 o'clock in the evening. The work pace is very fast, and the leader often arranges unreasonable work, which makes it difficult for me to complete it.

Counselor: Can you describe the time when you felt the most stress at work?

Li Qiang: Yesterday, the leader temporarily arranged an urgent task and asked me to work overtime until late at night to complete it. At that time, I had been working for 10 hours straight and was very tired, but I didn't dare to refuse the boss's request, so I had to bite the bullet and complete the task.

Counselor: How did you feel at that time?

Li Qiang: At that time, I felt very angry and wronged. I felt like a machine without any freedom.

Counselor: What do you think is the main reason for the high pressure at work?

Li Qiang: It's mainly because the workload is too heavy and the boss doesn't understand the employees. I often work overtime until late at night and have no time to rest. I feel like I'm about to collapse!

Counselor: How do you usually relieve stress?

Li Qiang: I smoke and drink to vent my emotions.

Counselor: Do you think this method is effective?

Li Qiang: It can relieve emotions in the short term, but it doesn't help in the long run.

Counselor: Yes, smoking and drinking will not only damage your health, but also increase your anxiety and depression. I can teach you some healthier and more effective relaxation techniques, such as deep breathing, meditation, etc.

Li Qiang: Okay, I'm willing to learn.

(The counselor teaches Li Qiang some relaxation techniques)

Counselor: How do you feel now?

Li Qiang: I feel much better, not so anxious.

Counselor: Very good. You can practice these relaxation techniques every day to help you relieve stress.

(The counselor and Li Qiang continue to discuss the problem of work stress and develop some solutions)

2. Understand the situation of the interviewee

Counselor: Do you have friends or family to talk to?

Li Qiang: I have few friends and my family is not around, so I rarely have the opportunity to talk.

Counselor: What do you like to do in your daily life?

Li Qiang: I like to play games, but recently I have too much work pressure and I don’t have time to play games.

Counselor: How do you think your temper is now?

Li Qiang: I think I have a bad temper and often get angry because of some trivial things.

Counselor: Can you describe the last time you got angry?

Li Qiang: Yesterday, when I got home from get off work, I saw that my roommate had made a mess of my room. I was very angry at the time and couldn’t help but get angry with him.

Counselor: How did you feel at that time?

Li Qiang: I felt very angry at that time, and I felt like I was about to explode.

Counselor: What do you think caused your anger?

Li Qiang: It was mainly because I was very tired after working all day, and I felt disrespected when I saw my roommate mess up my room.

Counselor: How do you think you should control your temper?

Li Qiang: I don’t know. I have tried to control my temper before, but I always couldn’t control it.

Counselor: You can try some methods, such as taking a deep breath for a few seconds when you are angry, or diverting your attention to do something else.

(The counselor and Li Qiang continued to discuss the problem of bad temper and developed some solutions)