Please sit comfortably, straighten your back, touch your thumbs with your index fingers to make the wisdom mudra of yoga and place them on your legs. Close your eyes slightly, retract your jaw slightly, and touch the tip of your tongue to the upper palate. If there is saliva, swallow it gently with a small mouthful, which will help to improve our digestion.
Start to pay attention to our breathing. Every time you inhale, your abdomen bulges slightly, and when you exhale, your abdomen retracts to expel as much waste gas as possible from our body. Take five deep breaths, then adjust to natural breathing, and breathe slowly and easily, imagining that our whole body is also relaxing.
Now please join me in appreciating the beautiful pictures with your heart. Imagine that you are lying on a green meadow in the mountains, gently, softly, and softly. The sky is blue, without a trace of clouds, and only the breeze caresses your cheeks. There is a stream flowing around you, and suddenly a drop of stream water splashes on your palm, making your whole body cool. It seems that our hearts have become clear and relaxed as if they have been baptized by the stream. There are colorful nameless flowers around you. Those flowers emit a faint fragrance, mixed with the fragrance of grass, making the air sweet, and your breathing seems to become sweeter.
Suddenly, I heard the crisp sound of birds. It turned out that not far away, a few birds were playing and singing on the trees.
At this time, you seemed to hear the sound of the waterfall. Looking into the distance, it turned out that there was a waterfall not far in front of you. There was a small lake under the waterfall. The waterfall cascaded down, and there were bursts of water on the lake. The sound of the waterfall, the sound of the stream and the cry of the birds formed a moving music. Your body also became more relaxed with this wonderful melody.
A few white clouds floated above the blue sky, lightening your footsteps and walking on the clouds. White clouds floated under your feet and wrapped around your waist freely. As the natural and harmonious breeze blew, your body turned into a white cloud, a peaceful and pure white cloud, blending into this blue sky and floating freely. The breeze brings you a gentle fragrance and caresses your body, making your body calmer and more peaceful. . .
(Sit quietly for at least five minutes)
Now please bring your consciousness back to your body and move your fingers. Then put your palms together in front of your chest and rub them against each other. When your palms become warm, cover your closed eyes with the warm palms. Your eyes will feel warm and your eyeballs will relax, making your eyes brighter and the wrinkles around your eyes disappear. Press your temples lightly with your thumbs and feel your energy recovering. Continue rubbing your palms until they become warm. Let the warm palms gently pat your cheeks, just like a mother caressing a baby, eliminating our facial fatigue and making our complexion more rosy. Relax your hands, palms down, and place them on your knees.
After: Inhale, straighten your back again, and extend your spine infinitely upward. When exhaling, tilt your head back, inhale and straighten it, lower your head when exhaling, let your chin find your clavicle, inhale and straighten it, tilt your head to the right when exhaling, let your right ear find your right shoulder, inhale and straighten it, exhale to the left. Inhale and straighten it again, gently rotate your head three times clockwise when exhaling, and then do the opposite in coordination with your breathing. Our neck has been relaxed, now please lower your head slightly and slowly open your eyes.