Now please lie down, put your arms flat on both sides of your body, spread your legs slightly, and gently close your eyes. Please listen carefully to every word I say, and do it seriously. Wherever I say, you should think about it, and whatever I say, you should do it immediately.

Now, please relax your body and take three slow, deep abdominal breaths... Very good...

Now please follow my guidance and imagine...

I feel very peaceful, I feel very relaxed, my attention is focused...

My feet and ankles feel heavy and relaxed...

My knees and hips feel heavy and relaxed...

My abdomen and waist feel heavy and relaxed...

My back and chest feel heavy and relaxed...

My hands, arms, and shoulders feel heavy and relaxed...

My neck feels heavy and relaxed...

My chin feels heavy and relaxed...

My eyelids feel heavy and relaxed...

My face feels heavy and relaxed...

My neck, chin, eyelids, and face all feel relaxed... My entire head feels heavy and relaxed...

My entire body feels peaceful, heavy, relaxed, and extremely comfortable... My breathing is getting deeper and slower, A relaxing and comfortable warm current flows into my whole body, and I feel warm, heavy and relaxed all over... My muscles are relaxed, I don't want to move anymore, I have no strength, I can't move, my eyelids feel heavy, I don't want to open my eyes, my eyelids can't open, I'm sleepy...

Your state of mind is very calm, you can't feel anything around you now, you can only hear my voice, and experience a kind of inner peace and comfort without worries, all your troubles will disappear, and the troubles suppressed in the depths of your heart have melted and disappeared... The tension and pressure you have experienced in the past are gone... Anxiety no longer exists... Now please go to sleep... Go to sleep...

Now please imagine that you are under a beautiful starry sky, you look up at the starry sky, gazing at the vast universe, the night sky is dotted with stars, and a bright moon hangs in the night sky... Now please go and see, is this bright moon curved or round? Now, everyone is fast asleep. In this silence, it seems as if another mysterious world has awakened. The elves in the woods are dancing freely. The air is filled with the faint fragrance of flowers... There are mottled lights in the flowers not far away. Those are fireflies coming and going... Excuse me, do you see the dots of light now? How many can you count and tell me? You are stepping on the soft and slightly moist grass. You seem to hear the sonata of crickets under this moonlit night... Excuse me, can you hear it now? Take a deep breath and let this fresh and wonderful oxygen nourish every cell in your body. You will find yourself becoming clearer, deeper, and more immersed in it...

Now, please imagine that you are standing on a pagoda, ready to go down the stairs to the lawn underground. There are ten steps in this staircase. I will guide you to go down one step at a time. With each step down, you will enter a deeper hypnotic state, your body will feel more relaxed and comfortable, and your heart will be more peaceful and serene... When you walk to the lawn under the stairs, you will enter the subconscious that you don’t usually notice, recall many important memories, get a lot of help, and have a better understanding of yourself.

Now, walk down to the first step, and your body and mind will be more relaxed...

Go down to the second step, and you will feel more and more peaceful in your mind...

Go down to the third step, and you like this feeling of increasing relaxation...

Go down to the fourth step, and your breathing will be smoother, and every time you inhale, you will breathe in a very comfortable feeling...

Go down to the fifth step... You are getting deeper and deeper into your subconscious...

Go down to the sixth step, and your whole body will enter a very comfortable state, as if all the pressure and restraints have disappeared...

Go down to the seventh step... You like this relaxed and comfortable feeling now...

Go down to the eighth step , you are getting deeper and deeper into your subconscious mind, entering a feeling as if you have returned to your spiritual homeland, full of a sense of security and tranquility...

Continue to walk down to the ninth step, and you will soon reach a hypnotic state of deep relaxation...

Continue to walk down to the tenth step, savor and feel carefully, and enjoy the taste of deep relaxation... You are about to walk into the underground lawn... to explore the depths of your soul...

Now you have entered a deep subconscious state. Recently, you have been experiencing the pressure brought by your career and work. Now please scan your body to see which part of your body is tight and uncomfortable. Imagine turning the troubles, anxiety, pain, worry, fear, powerlessness and other negative emotions brought by the pressure of career and work into a ball of black air and spitting it out from your mouth! I count 1,2,3 and we spit together! 1,2,3 spit! Very good! Continue, 1,2,3, spit! Now the black air you spit out, how big and how dark it is.

Yes, spit out the black air until it becomes lighter and smaller. Turn all the troubles, anxiety, pain, worry, fear, and other negative emotions that are brought by your current career and work into a ball of black air and spit them out. These negative emotions are trapped in your body. The source of the emotion has been trapped in your body for a long time. Now turn them all into a ball of black air and spit them out! Spit them out! If you recall something, if you have emotions, let the emotions flow out, and spit out all these trapped negative emotions! ! Turn into a ball of black air and spit it out! Until the black air you spit out becomes lighter and transparent! 1,2,3, spit! Spit hard! Keep spitting until it becomes lighter and transparent!

Now please let another you float up from your body, floating in the air, looking down at the you below. Please look down from the perspective of the you who is floating in the air and see what the positive effect of the pressure of your current career is? What is the real meaning of life that this kind of pressure brings to your life? Which direction is this pressure pushing you to grow in? Please look at it from a higher and more systematic perspective floating in the sky. What is the positive effect of the pressure of your current career? What is the real meaning of life that this kind of pressure brings to your life? Which direction is this pressure pushing you to grow in? Your subconscious mind will give you the answer.

Now, I want to tell you something that will be very helpful to you. These words will completely enter your subconscious mind and become your own beliefs. Please listen carefully to what I am going to say next. Every word I say will become your own belief. It will operate powerfully in your subconscious mind.

From today on, all the negative beliefs in the subconscious mind that are not conducive to success and wealth will not work. Now I have the character of a successful person. I believe in my ability. I am born to be a successful person. I can do what I want to do very efficiently. I have the positive ability to act immediately. I have good interpersonal relationships. My friends like me and support me. Whenever I need help, there will be noble people who appear in time. I always have the mood to learn new things. I like to study and enrich myself constantly. I am very patient, I will take steady steps, and when my foundation is solid, I will succeed naturally. When I see the right time to take risks, I will also take risks.

I will succeed...

I will succeed...

I will succeed...

I like to be a winner, I will go all out to realize my ideals, and I have a successful life. Opportunities for success and wealth are attracted to me in an endless stream. Success and wealth are inevitable for me. I am financially well-off and I have the ability to help others. Money will come to me from various channels, and a large amount of money will come to me unexpectedly.

I am a successful person, I have money and leisure, I can travel around the world at any time and enjoy a free life. I have abundant wealth, enthusiastic friends, and endless creativity and opportunities to realize my potential.

I live in a rich universe, and I always have everything I need.

I am grateful, I am grateful to everyone and everything. Everything that happens to me has a profound meaning. Whether it is good or bad things that happen to me, they will help me experience life deeply and make me wiser. Facing everything, I maintain a positive, active and optimistic mood, so I will definitely be a successful and wealthy person.

I will definitely become a successful and wealthy person...

I will definitely become a successful and wealthy person...

I will definitely become a successful and wealthy person...

Now, imagine, fantasize or feel that there is a white beam of light, shining directly from the top of your chest, shining on your chest... The white light penetrates the skin, fills your lungs, heart... The white light fills your chest, and your chest is shining...

The beam slowly spreads and gradually covers your whole body... Your whole body is bathed in white light... The beautiful fluctuations of white light fill every cell, every muscle, every muscle nerve, and illuminate your spine and bones throughout your body. The white light injects into your blood vessels with the powerful vitality of the universe, nourishing every organ and tissue in your body. Your whole body, from head to toe, radiates white light, as bright and dazzling as a cluster of light. The energy in your whole body is flowing and full of vitality...

The white light touches your heart, and you feel comforted and courageous...

The white light surrounds you, conveying the universe's eternal love for you...

In the next ten minutes, let your body and mind be completely open to the white light, let everything happen naturally, and all experiences will be beneficial to you. Then, we will prepare to end this hypnosis.

Now, when I count from 10 to 1, you will open your eyes, return to the real world, and return to normal. Then you will be completely in the state and feel extremely comfortable.

10... slowly wake up, feel comfortable physically and mentally

9... more and more awake

8... slowly restore the normal feeling of the body

7... more and more awake

6... inner peace and tranquility

5... more and more awake

4... feel full of vitality

3... more and more awake

2... about to wake up, feel great

1... open your eyes, rub your ears, wipe your face, take a deep breath, move your body, you are completely awake.